About this course

Learn creative thinking techniques & unlock your creative thinking ability.
By the numbers
Skill level: All Levels
Students: 10905
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 12
Video: 1 total hour
Certificates

Get Udemy certificate by completing entire course
Features
Available on iOS and Android
Description

Creativity isn’t born, it’s cultivated

In today’s ever-growing and changing world, creativity is no longer optional. In fact, it’s absolutely essential for your success in the modern world. Mastering your creative thinking will help you to reach new heights in your career, your business, your art, finances and in your relationships with others.

Responding to the challenges of the twenty-first century – with its complex environmental, social and economic pressures – requires people to be creative, innovative, enterprising and adaptable, with the motivation, confidence and skills to use creative thinking purposefully.

This includes combining parts to form something original, sifting and refining ideas to discover possibilities, constructing theories and objects, and acting on intuition. The products of creative endeavour can involve complex representations and images, investigations and performances, digital and computer-generated output, or occur as virtual reality.

Imagine for a moment how this could change your life. If you don’t like where some aspect of humanity is going, imagine if you could do something amazing about it.

Most of us are not natural creative thinkers. Telling oneself and the team ‘to be creative’ does not usually yield results. Some special techniques are required to help us use our brains in a different way – to change our usual thinking process. The issue with creative thinking is that almost by definition any idea that has not already been examined is going to sound crazy. But a good solution will probably sound crazy – at first. Unfortunately, that’s why we often won’t put it forward.

Why take this Course?

From the linear to the intuitive, this course details ingenious creative-thinking techniques for approaching problems in unconventional ways. This course will equip you with a ‘tool-box’, introducing you to a selection of behaviours and techniques that will augment your innate creativity.

Through fun and thought-provoking exercises, illustrated strategies, and inspiring real-world examples you’ll learn how to create original ideas that will improve your personal life and your business life.

What is in this Course?

- Step by step instructions on all the stages for creative thinking mindset

- An engaging style of teaching


    What you'll learn in this course:

    · Understand what creative thinking techniques are

    · Develop your own, new, creativity techniques

    · Make your ideas take shape in the real world

    · Use high-impact, creativity techniques

    · Tap into your most original thinking, regularly and on demand

    · Make new connections in your mind that result in amazing ideas

    · Brainstorm, analyze and evaluate innovative ideas and solutions

    · Unlock creative solutions and skills of which you were previously unaware

    · Learn how to apply the methods and tools to generate ideas for improving areas of your own performance


What you’ll learn

    Understand what creative thinking techniques are
    Develop your own, new, creativity techniques
    Make your ideas take shape in the real world
    Use high-impact, creativity techniques
    Tap into your most original thinking, regularly and on demand
    Make new connections in your mind that result in amazing ideas
    Brainstorm, analyze and evaluate innovative ideas and solutions
    Unlock creative solutions and skills of which you were previously unaware
    Learn how to apply the methods and tools to generate ideas for improving areas of your own performance
    Empower your team’s creative process

Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?

    Have the ability for flexible thinking

Who this course is for:

    student, artists, designers, everyone interested

Instructor
User photo
Hayley - Creative Mind Ch

Instructor

Hi, I'm Hayley and I am a coach for more than 5 years and I have applied techniques to help encourage, stretch and clarify my clients’ thinking.

So, over the last several years, my mission was to help people overcome countless barriers and help them obtain employment in an area that allows them to flourish.

My biggest focus is creating high quality training.

I would love to have you as my student and don't hesitate to ask me all your questions in the QA section. 
