About this course

Gagne's Nine Events of Instruction
By the numbers
Skill level: All Levels
Students: 61
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 7
Video: 1 total hour
Certificates

Get Udemy certificate by completing entire course
Features
Available on iOS and Android
Description

This course covers Gagne's Nine Events of Instruction and Bloom's Taxonomy - 
two frameworks that instructional designers use to create successful courses. 
After completing this course, you should be able to create engaging step by step 
lessons that your learners will enjoy. We'll cover tips, tricks, strategies, 
and best practices that will help you organize your learning content into an 
effective lesson.
What you’ll learn

    How to create successful eLearning courses
    How to use Bloom's Taxonomy to write effective learning objectives
    How to write learning objectives
    How to apply Gagne's Nine Events of Instruction to your course design
    How to select activities for your course
    How to provide corrective feedback to your learners

Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?

    There are no prerequisites for this course. Just come ready to learn how to design successful eLearning courses!

Who this course is for:

    Instructional Designers and L&D professionals who want to learn how to create successful eLearning courses

Instructor
User photo
Marina Arshavskiy

Senior ELearning Specialist and Instructional Designer

Marina Arshavskiy is an award-winning instructional design and eLearning expert who helps people put their knowledge into a powerful, instructionally sound eLearning courses and transform complex ideas into easy to follow step-by-step processes.

Through her totally-actionable blog posts, newsletters, and courses, she’s here to help you create engaging eLearning solutions while applying current best practices, current theories, and actionable strategies to the practice of instructional design.

Her work has been featured in T&D magazine, ELearning Industry, Training Magazine, California Management Review, EI Design, SHRM, and more.

And when she’s not teaching people how to create engaging and irresistible eLearning courses, you can find her creating articles and marketing copy for her clients.
